Bosma Louis produces uber cab
yes aggressive OC precision ah or de
comprar 4c so economy can't you www
pandu Americans you want to come
motivating experience the new way of
home dining for the whole family was the
pizza read the fun easy and delicious
way of eating mini pizza together make
your dough chop your favorite toppings
sit down and enjoy a terrific family
dinner experience and we have a very
special product for the entire family
the pizza Rhett I want to tell you
everything about the pizza red team that
makes the best pizza ever
but the main thing I'm gonna tell you is
that you make pizza you eat the pizza
with the family no more greasy soggy
pizzas but crunchy healthy pizza the way
you like it
the finish that it makes exactly the
same tasty a spectacular pizza like my
own professional oven why the Terracotta
Dom the terracotta dome is at solving
the moist of the pizza in order that the
result that you get is completely
crunchy the pizza rare is specially
designed to bake delicious pizzas by
using the terracotta dome try it
yourself and find out why everybody
loves the new way of family fun and
quality pizza so we can make a
prosciutto mozzarella fruity d'marie con
salami Quattro formaggi to toe-to-toe
and you can make as healthy as you want
to have it
making dinner fun and healthy without
standing in the kitchen all day
preparing this is what the pizzeria is
all about making your own favorite
beaches with family and friends and
especially you gonna have this is Moke
it smelled nasty atmosphere at home not
at all you three needs to eat and Dawn
is done these you put it apart and you
can sit down easily with your guests the
host gets to sit down with the guests
instead of waiting tables time to get
everybody around the dinner table again
a great culinary experience with the
whole family you can have thought if you
want for example you can have a triple a
pepper if you can have a foggy iconic WA
and you can have the tuna if you want at
the same time nothing HECO if you want
to have the prosciutto and two because
they're so small
yeah you can have three four five six
seven it doesn't matter you decide how
much you eat the beet Cerreta family
time family fun
delicious pizza did you know that girls
you might be interested in hearing you
could actually bake cookies with the
future yeah yep
this is cookie dough all right children
they like a lot as we see that they do
with the pizzas and that they make their
face and they make with the merchants
they make the mouth and the tomato they
can use and make the cookie with their
different sweet decorations for example
you can make the eyes pizza a family
time family fun delicious pizza and our
only pizza it's perfect for making
delicious cookies also the pizza red
makes food fun